# Privacy Statement

## Controller's Contact Details (that's us!)

Name: Dead Set Bit Ltd ("DSB" or "We")\
Company ID: 2612638-1\
<br>
Address: Ruoholahdenkatu 21, 00180 Helsinki, Finland\
<br>
Email: [info@deadsetbit.com](mailto:info@deadsetbit.com)\
Website: [deadsetbit.com](https://deadsetbit.com)\
<br>
Contact Person: Yacine Ouarab [jasu@deadsetbit.com](mailto:jasu@deadsetbit.com)

## General Information Regarding Processing Activities

This privacy statement is applicable to DSB's Website, the database of customers and suppliers as well as our marketing database.

We mainly process personal data subject to this Privacy Statement when offering or promoting our services to our existing and potential clients or when maintaining the customer relationships with our clients as well as other business relationships with our suppliers and other relevant interest groups.

This Privacy Statement describes how we process personal data concerning the representatives of our clients, potential clients, suppliers and other business partners.

The word “you” refers to all the aforementioned individuals whose personal data is processed in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

We may update this Privacy Statement if it is necessary in order to reflect the changes in data processing practices or otherwise.

## Personal Data Processed and Sources of Data

### Company and Contact Data

We may process the following Company and Contact Data relating to you:

- name and contact details
- Organization and title
- Phone number
- Personal identification number
- Email address
- correspondence between DSB's representatives and you, including e.g. personal correspondence and other promotional communication
- Information relating to meetings between DSB's representatives and you
- Invoicing and billing information

Typically we receive the Company and Contact Data directly from you, from other representatives of your employer or from your employer’s counterparts, in the course of an engagement with your employer.

In addition, Company and Contact Data may be collected and updated from sources such as LinkedIn, other public websites and social media as well as public registers (e.g. information relating to your contact details).

Some of the Company and Contact Data may also be generated by us. This information includes correspondence between you and our representatives as well as information relating to meetings between you and our representatives.

## Purposes and Legitimate Grounds for Processing of Personal Data

Personal data is processed by us for the following purposes:

To provide our services and to run our business and carry out our contractual obligations:
We process personal data in the first place to be able to offer our services to our customers and to run, maintain, promote and develop our business. Personal data may be processed in order to carry out our contractual obligations towards you, if you are a private individual.

For our legal obligations:
We may process your personal data to enable us to administer and fulfil our obligations under the law. This includes data processed for complying with our bookkeeping obligations and providing information to relevant authorities such as tax authorities.

For communication and marketing:
Personal data may be processed in order to correspond with you via email and other communication channels. We may also process your personal data for the purpose of marketing our services to you e.g. by sending newsletters.

## Transfer to Countries Outside Europe

We store your personal data primarily within the European Economic Area. However, we have service providers in several geographical locations. As such, we and our service providers may transfer personal data to, or access it in, jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area or your domicile.

If we transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area, we provide adequate protection for such transfers through a series of agreements with our service providers based on the [Standard Contractual Clauses](https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en) or through other appropriate safeguards, such as the [Data Privacy Framework](https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/)

## Personal Data Recipients

We do not share personal data with third parties outside of our organization unless one of the following circumstances applies:

For legal reasons and legal processes:
We may share personal data with third parties outside DSB's organization if access to and use of the personal data is reasonably necessary to: (i) meet any applicable law, regulation, and/or court order; or (ii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address crime or security issues.

To authorized service providers:
We may share personal data to authorized service providers who perform services for us (including data storage, legal, accounting, sales and marketing services). Our agreements with our service providers include commitments that the service providers agree to limit their use of personal data and to comply with privacy and security standards at least as stringent as the terms of this Privacy Statement.

For other legitimate reasons:
If DSB is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we may transfer personal data to the third party involved. However, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of all personal data. We will give you notice when the personal data are transferred or become subject to a different Privacy Statement as soon as reasonably possible provided that the transfer concerns your personal data.

With explicit consent:
We may share personal data with third parties outside DSB's organization for other reasons than the ones mentioned before, when we have your explicit consent to do so. You have the right to withdraw this consent at all times.

## Storage Period

We do not store personal data longer than is legally permitted and necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement. The storage period depends on the nature of the information and the purposes of processing. The maximum period may therefore vary per use.

For instance, Company and Contact Data relating to you is typically stored as long as we have an ongoing service or business relationship with the organisation you represent. Information relating to your participation to our events is stored until the end of the event in question.

When the storage of personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was initially collected, we may continue storing the data only as long as such processing is required by law or is reasonably necessary for our legal obligations or legitimate interests such as claims handling, bookkeeping, internal reporting, and direct marketing.

## Your Rights

Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have certain rights when it comes to processing your personal data. Your rights include:

1. **Right to access**: You have the right to access your personal data processed by us and to request a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
2. **Right to withdraw consent**: In case the processing is based on a consent, you may withdraw the consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
3. **Right to rectify**: You have the right to have incorrect or incomplete personal data we have stored about you corrected or completed.
4. **Right to erasure**: You may also ask us to erase the your personal data from our systems. We will comply with such request unless we have a legitimate ground to not delete the data.
5. **Right to object**: You may object to the processing of personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation if such data are processed for our legitimate interest. In case we do not have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing such personal data, we shall no longer process the personal data after your objection.
6. **Right to restriction of processing**: You may request us to restrict processing of personal data for example when your data erasure, rectification or objection requests are pending and/or when we do not have legitimate grounds to process your data.
7. **Right to data portability**: You have the right to receive some of your personal data that you have provided us with in a structured and commonly used format.

How to use the rights: The above mentioned rights may be used by sending a letter or an e-mail to us on the addresses set out above. We may request the provision of additional information necessary to confirm your identity. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, excessive or manifestly unfounded.

## Lodging a Complaint

In case you consider our processing of personal data to be inconsistent with the applicable data protection laws, a complaint may be lodged with the local supervisory authority for data protection. In Finland, the local supervisory authority is the Data Protection Ombudsman [www.tietosuoja.fi](https://tietosuoja.fi/etusivu)

## Information Security

We use administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal data we collect and process. Measures include for example, where appropriate, encryption, firewalls, secure facilities and access right systems. Our security controls are designed to maintain an appropriate level of data confidentiality, integrity, availability, resilience and ability restore the data.
Should despite of the security measures, a security breach occur that is likely to have negative effects to your privacy, we will inform you as well as relevant authorities about the breach as soon as possible in accordance with law.
